## Week 28 : July 3 - July 9, 2023

#### Summary
So basically this week my core focus was Rust. I have read and written a lot of code in rust this week and solved a few days of code in Advent of code as well. I also took a look into TDD (Test driven development). Took part in some opensource repository discussions as well.

#### This week I worked on the following projects:
- [Advent of Code 2015](https://adventofcode.com/2015)
- [HimanshuJangid.com this website](https://github.com/himanshurajora/himanshujangid.com)
- [TyperX](https://github.com/himanshurajora/TyperX)
- [Playing with Rust a Bit](https://github.com/himanshurajora/various_rust_tests)
- Velocity and Vector math implementations on HTML Canvas.
- Passkey Chrome Extension
- And Office Projects

#### Languages this week:
- TypeScript
- Rust
- React (Tsx)

#### Hobbies: 
- Dance -> Basically this week I did not dance that much. I would count 1hr for the this entire week.
- Guitar -> I spent 3hrs learning guitar this week.

#### Checklist: 
- [ ] Meditation 15 Minutes per day
- [x] Exercise 45 Minutes a day 
- [ ] Try Leaving Bad Habits (not going to mentioned)
- [x] Work on Rust 1hr per day.
- [x] 8hr Average work per day
- [x] Watch a movie
- [x] Do Dancing
- [x] Learn Guitar
- [ ] Go home

#### Scores: 
- Grepper: 45% Brown Belt, 1 Answer this week for Rust 
- Stack Overflow: 339 Point, 4 Silver, 15 Bronze. +10 Points this week and No answers. 
- Reddit: 272 Karma, Nothing this week
- GitHub: Contribution in 10 Repos, 58 commits and 2 discussions
- Advent of Code: 2015 version, Solved day 3, 4 and 5

#### New Tools:
- I started using increaser.org and wakatime.com for time tracking
- Plasmo JS for browser extensions

#### Plans for the next week
- I am going to work more on Rust, also the Tauri framework.

---
#### Additional Logs:
- Went to shopping this week and bought a lot of T-shirts.


#rust #week #report #project #plasmo #wakatime #increaser 

---
Thanks for reading.
